Emit metrics for distribution of number of rows per segment (#12730)
apache/druid: docs/operations/metrics.md

|`segment/usedPercent`|Percentage of space used by served segments.|dataSource, tier, priority.|< 100%|
|`segment/count`|Number of served segments.|dataSource, tier, priority.|Varies.|
|`segment/pendingDelete`|On-disk size in bytes of segments that are waiting to be cleared out|Varies.|

> |`segment/rowCount/avg`| The average number of rows per segment on a historical. `SegmentStatsMonitor` must be enabled.| dataSource, tier, priority.| ~5 million |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`segment/rowCount/avg`| The average number of rows per segment on a historical. `SegmentStatsMonitor` must be enabled.| dataSource, tier, priority.| Varies. See [segment optimization](../operations/segment-optimization.md) for guidance on optimal segment sizes. |
```

> | `segment/averageRowCount`       | The average number of rows per segment in a datasource               | dataSource, tier, priority.                 | ~5 million |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `segment/rows/avg`| The average number of rows per segment on a historical| dataSource, tier, priority.| ~5 million |
```

I think this name is closer to the pattern in other metrics that report min + max eg.`jetty/threadpool/` `jvm/*/max` etc.

> | `segment/numOfSegmentsInBucket` | The number of segments in a bucket.                                  | dataSource, tier, priority, rowCountBucket. |Varies.|

Author: naming help please?

> | `segment/numOfSegmentsInBucket` | The number of segments in a bucket.                                  | dataSource, tier, priority, rowCountBucket. |Varies.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `segment/rowCount/range/count` | The number of segments in a bucket.                                  | dataSource, tier, priority, range. |Varies.|
```
how about `range` or `bucket` to indicate the buckets of the distribution. I also thought of using the word `distribution` in the metric name

Author: This and the one above seem like they should have similar scheme for these.
`segment/rowCount/range/count `
`segment/rows/avg` so im thinking about using this instead `segment/rowCount/avg`
